it all started when I was at the squash
club I just wanted to exercise my lovely
you are you coming to the boho box
tonight Grandmaster ass-blaster is on
there like totes amazeballs yah oh good
game today gentlemen yeah fuck you well
actually uh you play like a girl's
vagina no no that happens every day when
we were in the showers hey everyone who
hates whales we all hate you I suddenly
realized why I wasn't accepted why I
wasn't a real man don't come back
Gayle wait what are you saying
I thought I was blessed the first fish
to have been born with legs for millions
of years you're a mammal
[Music]
scotch I just hope there's something
about it on the internet is what I need
well inside these four walls I feel so
insecure my board is tip sure without a
deep can ball if I find a way I'll make
my dreams come true
I'll show what it takes to improve my
groin of you
for man is not a man till he has
and shout
check out like a kind
[Music]
check out my
check out my dick you've got mail that's
it
any website featuring this penny
scientists must be adjustment aah
now for some reason there was no contact
information on the site to stuff deform
to enter your credit card but eventually
I traced the registered address of the
combination near this remote mountain
Semitic South Korea the best news is
I've already used a ball of our life
savings to buy last-minute tickets
pack your bags everyone toro trick for
cock
in this
I told you there's nothing here don't
say that we're gonna kill us all look
muffins come to arias Emeritus it has to
be
[Music]
[Applause]
it was at this innocent sporting venue
that the assailant proceeded to force
the entire squash club to approve and in
many cases raped his genitalia on a
scale of one to a tremendous community ñ
I'm Felicity flapjack what a dick
[Music]